-*- mode: markup; -*-

* CODE CHALLENGE TERMS & CONDITIONS

Code Quarterly is hosting its first Code Challenge, seeking innovative
code to be shared on our site. The Code Challenge is not a contest.
There are no prizes and we will not award any monetary compensation or
judge anyone a “winner” in connection with the Code Challenge. Our
goal is to provide a forum in which to share new and creative code
with the community.

By sending us your code, you agree to the following terms and
conditions:

** Publication of Your Code & Royalty-Free License

We will post all eligible code entries (“Submissions”) on our website
as Submissions to the Code Challenge. In connection with each
Submission, we will post the name of the author. This may be your full
name or any nickname, screenname or pseudonym you select. Submissions
are eligible provided that they comply with our Code Submission
Standards, described below.

By providing us with your Submission, you are granting us (including
our employees, managers, members, officers, agents, licensees,
assigns, and affiliated entities) a non-exclusive, non-revocable,
royalty-free license to use your Submission in any manner and in any
and all media whether now known or hereafter devised throughout the
universe in perpetuity. We may publish all or part of your Submission
in one or more print editions of our Code Quarterly magazine. You
further grant us permission to disclose, display, publish, distribute,
use, print and reprint your name in connection with your Submission
and to use it in advertising and promotions relating to Code
Quarterly. You agree that we may alter or modify your Submission and
provide critique or criticism of it.

You agree and understand that we do not control or track who views our
website or require that viewers register or login, and that by virtue
of publication on our website your Submission will become accessible
to an unlimited number of third parties. We are not liable for any use
made by a third party of your Submission.

** Ownership and Originality

You represent that you are the author of the Submission, that you own
all applicable copyrights and/or patents associated with your
Submission, and that our publication of your Submission will not
infringe on the rights of any third party. You further represent that
if your Submission includes any material licensed to you as open
source, you have included any required attributions or conditions in
your Submission.

Please do not submit code that you have previously assigned to others
or which belongs to an employer (past or present). Please do not
submit code that constitutes an unlawful derivative or work belonging
to another, including copies or reverse engineering of others’ code.

** Code Submission Standards

There are no restrictions on the type of code you can submit. However,
we reserve the right not to publish, or to remove from our site, any
Submission containing the following:

  - Harassing, bullying, disparaging, hateful, violent, pornographic,
    indecent or otherwise offensive material, as defined in our sole
    discretion

  - Potentially harmful material, such as viruses, spyware or malware

  - Commercial material, such as code containing advertisements or
    excessive self-promotion

  - Material that infringes on intellectual property rights, publicity
    rights, or privacy rights of any kind

  - Illegal or prohibited material under the laws of any jurisdiction

  - Submissions that are too long, or large numbers of Submissions
    from the same author (you are welcome to submit more than one
    piece of code, but please don't spam us with every piece of code
    you've written)

  - Any code that we determine to be insufficiently original or
    innovative, in our sole discretion

** Indemnification

You agree that, in the event that either you or Code Quarterly is
subjected to any adverse claim as a result of its publication of your
Submission, you will indemnify, defend with counsel reasonably
acceptable to Code Quarterly, and hold Code Quarterly free and
harmless from and against any claim, damage (including , without
limitation punitive or exemplary damages), injury, demand, cost, loss,
liability (including without limitation, strict liability), expense,
penalty, fee, cause of action, settlement, proceeding (whether civil,
criminal, administrative or investigative), including attorneys’,
consultants’ and experts’ fees, and disbursements incurred in
investigating, defending, settling or prosecuting any claim or
proceeding or enforcing any term of this Indemnity, court costs,
judgments, fines and amounts paid in settlement arising out of or in
any way connected with your Submission.

** Infringement Complaints

Code Quarterly is firmly committed to protecting intellectual property
rights. If you believe that anything we publish as part of the Code
Challenge infringes on your rights, please notify us immediately at
\email{code@codequarterly.com}.

Please provide us with as much information about your claim as
possible, including the following:

  # Your name and contact information

  # Author of infringing Code Challenge Submission

  # Date of Code Quarterly’s publication of infringing Code Challenge
    Submission
 
  # Nature of infringement (e.g., copyright infringement, patent
    infringement)

  # Description of your rights in the infringing work

